Added 'Please note that attributes will not be rendered in this tag l… (#31)
integr8ly/user-documentation: docs/content/gs-writing-walkthroughs-proc.adoc

. Do this second:
----
<1> {walkthrough-name} title, you can only have one level 1 heading per file

> <2> The first line of the introduction is displayed as a tag line for the {walkthrough-name}.  Please note that attributes will not be rendered in this tag line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> The first line of the introduction is displayed as a tag line for the {walkthrough-name} and displayed on the Solution Explorer home page.  
Do not use AsciiDoc attributes in this line because they are not displayed correctly on the home page.
```
